SignatureForms is a Python-based web application designed for signature extraction and detection from PDF files. 
The application provides a streamlined interface for comparing PDF documents and identifying signatures, with functionality to handle matched and mismatched signatures efficiently.

## Features

- **Signature Detection**: Extract and detect signatures from PDF files.
- **PDF Comparison**: Compare PDF documents and identify differences in signatures.
- **Logging**: Comprehensive logging for tracking the comparison process.
- **Configurable Parameters**: Customizable settings through configuration files.

## Project Structure

- `app.py`: Main application file to start the Flask web server.
- `config.py`: Configuration settings for the application.
- `data/`: Directory containing data files used by the application.
- `match/`: Directory for storing matched signature results.
- `misMatch/`: Directory for storing mismatched signature results.
- `outputs/`: Directory for storing output files generated by the application.
- `pdf_compare.log`: Log file for PDF comparison processes.
- `requirements.txt`: List of dependencies required to run the application.
- `src/`: Source code directory containing the core functionality.
- `static/`: Directory for static files like CSS, JavaScript, and images.
- `templates/`: HTML templates for the Flask web application.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone <repository_url>
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```sh
   cd SignatureForms-master
   ```

3. Install the required dependencies:
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage

1. Open the project in PyCharm or your preferred IDE.
2. Run the following command to install the required dependencies:
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Start the application by running:
   ```sh
   python app.py
   ```
4. Open your web browser and go to `http://localhost:5000` to access the application interface.

### Application Interface

- **Search Forms for Signatures**: Use predefined keywords or set them manually to search forms for signatures. Upload files from which signatures need to be extracted.
- **Overview and Download**: View an overview of the processed files and download them individually or in bulk.
- **Compare PDFs**: Navigate to the "Compare PDFs" page, upload the files to compare, and choose to view matched or mismatched forms. Optionally, see a full-screen side-by-side comparison of the forms.


